link to finished codepen https://github.com/citiovtroy/Git-for-Web-Development-Project.git

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html that gives meaning to markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    create pages on the web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    properties of an element, start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    used once, title or deading of a page. It is the biggest font
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Doctype, header, title, metadata 
    7. What is an id? 
    unique id pointing to style
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all except <base> , <head> , <html> , <meta> , <script> , <style> , and <title>
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    class name for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    anything you want to change in CSS (styling)
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    text that descrives the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is sections within a document: paragraphas, articles, headers, footers.
    Div is a section that can be independantly styled in CSS
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id can be used for one element
    class can be used for multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . and name of class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects an element within a section. Used when you are trying to style a specific part but do not want to desturb the rest of the section.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .navigation-div : a:link{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    p.dotted{
       border: 1px;
       color: black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Ctrl+A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm because it will be deleted for good. no going back
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    keep track of changes, keep everyone working on the latest version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "branch-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork
    Add TL to Fork
    clone/copy forked link
    in GitBash navigate where you would like the folder to be cloned to
    git clone "forked address"
    enter folder
    create branch: git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
    add ., commit -m "message" & push to github
    Pull request
    add TL to reviewers
    submit


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline stays on the same line, block creates a new line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    sits on its own layer separate from everything else
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    flexbox
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block: articles, header, footer
    Inline: a, img, br
    Inline block: li
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    boxes wrapping around content